README Updates (#550)
LLNL/sundials: README.md

## Support ##

> Full user guides for all of the SUNDIALS packages are available [online](https://sundials.readthedocs.io)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Full user guides for all of the SUNDIALS packages are available [online](https://sundials.readthedocs.io).
```

> and in the [doc](./doc) directory of the [released package tarballs](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/releases).
> Additionally, the [doc](./doc) directory contains documentation for the package
> example programs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the [released tarballs](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/releases), the `doc` directory includes PDFs of the user guides and documentation for the example programs. The example program documentation PDFs are also available on the [releases page](https://github.com/LLNL/sundials/releases).
```
